FCBIS - better specify version requirement for source and target (#1047)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/fcbis.md

* You cannot use the same sync source for multiple target nodes simultaneously because only one backup cursor can exist at any moment.
* If you're using encrypted storage, Percona Server for MongoDB applies the encryption key from the sync source node to secure the data on the syncing node.
* You must have WiredTiger defined as the storage engine to run file copy-based initial sync. [Percona memory engine](inmemory.md) engine is not supported.

> * Both source and target editions of Percona Server for MongoDB should be [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro](psmdb-pro.md) v7.0.22 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Both source and target editions of Percona Server for MongoDB should be [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro](psmdb-pro.md) version 7.0.22-12 or higher.
```

> * Both source and target editions of Percona Server for MongoDB should be [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro](psmdb-pro.md) version 7.0.22-12 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Both source and target nodes must run Percona Server for MongoDB version 7.0.22-12 or higher, either as [Pro builds](psmdb-pro.md) or with file copy-based initial sync functionality compiled on your own.
```
